File : /usr/src/README
Author: Caleb M. McLaren
Email: mclaren1@umbc.edu
Date: March 29th, 2021
Description: this README must detail my approach to project 2, 
	(Section 99, CMSC 421 OS, UMBC in the Spring Semester of 2021)
 	cite any sources I referenced that were not included in the project 
 	description, and detail for the TA any additional information they may
 	require for the grading of this project 2.  
	
Main Body: 
	Approach
		My approach relied intensively on the detailed development of a 
		prototype. I ended up losing the whole spring break to misunderstanding 
		the list.h library. After a 90 min meeting with the TA on the last day 
		of springbreak, I understood my error, and started developing like I had 
		hoped to all Spring Break.
		
		But the week after spring break, I had 3 midterms, so no futher 
		development occured until Friday the 26th.
		
		After figuring out and testing mostly in the protoype, I transfered
		and translated my system calls to the kernel.
		
		I developed a test driver(incomplete), compiled the kernel, installed
		the newly compiled kernel, polished up the Readme files, and removed 
		extraneous Clion files.
		
		Anyways, the exhaustive testing campaign is going to have to wait. I'm
		not spending anymore of this semester on this project. With as long as
		I spent testing and studying the list.h library, I am very confident
		that my syscall will do well enough for a B. But only if I turn this 
		project in on time. 
		
	Sources:
		These citation are the ones I actually remembered to bookmark.
		---
		books.gigatux.nl/mirror/kerneldevelopment/0672327201/toc.html
		linuxjournal.com/article/6930
		lwn.net/Articles/732420/
		dri.freedesktop.org/docs/drm/core-api/kernel-api.html#list-management-
			functions
			
	Additional Information:
		To the grader (probably Mahmudal), I spent all summer break on this 
		project. I have never worked so earnestly on a project. I thought for 
		sure I was going to turn in the project a week ago. Then I started 
		getting unexplained behaivor while iterating over the linked-lists.
		Held me up fo 5 day. I tried, tested, looked up, called friends...
		only after talking with TA Ryan (aka Nauta de Lumine) for 90 minutes
		did we figure out that the list head was a global variable and so
		I didn't need to pass it into my system calls. Like making a basic
		math mistake while doint integrals or partial derivatives. 
		Oh well, thats my sob story. Turning this in since I got no more time.  
